README.md, before:

# OTPAnalyzer

![OTPAnalyzer Icon](https://github.com/dsmurfin/OTPAnalyzer/blob/master/OTPAnalyzer/Assets.xcassets/AppIcon.appiconset/Icon%40128.png)

A macOS application for testing and evaluating BSR E1.59 - 20XX Entertainment Technology Object Transform Protocol (OTP).

Provides complete protocol implementations of OTP Producer and Consumer components using IPv4/6.

Current revision: Document Number: CP/2018-1034r4 (not yet published for review).

**This application should not be used for deployment to a live system. It is provided solely for testing and evaluation.**

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

Requires Swift 5.2  
macOS 10.14+

## Deployment

This application should not be used for deployment to a live system. It is provided solely for testing and evaluation.

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/dsmurfin/OTPAnalyzer/tags). 

## Authors

* **Daniel Murfin** - *Initial work* - [dsmurfin](https://github.com/dsmurfin)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/dsmurfin/OTPAnalyzer/graphs/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* OTP library dependency [OTPKit](https://github.com/dsmurfin/OTPKit)
* Socket library dependency [CocoaSyncSocket](https://github.com/robbiehanson/CocoaAsyncSocket)
* Includes [CwlUtils](https://github.com/mattgallagher/CwlUtils) from [Matt Gallagher] (https://www.cocoawithlove.com)

Commit message:

Fixes #3. Added instructions for downloading the code or pre-built app.

README.md, after:

# OTPAnalyzer

![OTPAnalyzer Icon](https://github.com/dsmurfin/OTPAnalyzer/blob/master/OTPAnalyzer/Assets.xcassets/AppIcon.appiconset/IconMac128.png)

A macOS application for testing and evaluating BSR E1.59 - 20XX Entertainment Technology Object Transform Protocol (OTP).

Provides complete protocol implementations of OTP Producer and Consumer components using IPv4/6.

Current revision: Document Number: CP/2018-1034r5.

**This application should not be used for deployment to a live system. It is provided solely for testing and evaluation.**

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

macOS 10.14+

### Installing

Download the repository and open the Xcode project, or access pre-built app xips from the [releases](https://github.com/dsmurfin/OTPAnalyzer/releases) page. Select a release and then expand assets.

## Deployment

This application should not be used for deployment to a live system. It is provided solely for testing and evaluation.

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/dsmurfin/OTPAnalyzer/tags). 

## Authors

* **Daniel Murfin** - *Initial work* - [dsmurfin](https://github.com/dsmurfin)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/dsmurfin/OTPAnalyzer/graphs/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* OTP library dependency [OTPKit](https://github.com/dsmurfin/OTPKit)
* Socket library dependency [CocoaSyncSocket](https://github.com/robbiehanson/CocoaAsyncSocket)
* Includes [CwlUtils](https://github.com/mattgallagher/CwlUtils) from [Matt Gallagher] (https://www.cocoawithlove.com)
